What was that?
There is no sound, what sound is there?
Oops, hate it.
No.
Just sound
potato
Who is this? Who is this bitch?
I don't know.
I-I-I don't know him either.
Brother Xu Qiang
Are you really not going to want me?
I'm afraid you won't want to miss you.
Not a beautiful woman. Who are you?
Okay, Xu Qiang, you are a scum
On your terms, you still enter the house to hide Jiao Jiao
I'm wondering about that too
Then Brother Xu Qiang, do you like him?
Still like me
you
or
Come together come together
Xu Qiang, you still want to play Shuangfei under these conditions.
Stinky scum on my head
Break up, hey Tongtong Tongtong
I hate that it doesn't belong to looking at others, right?